this next video shows the final rear-end
mock-up basically have all my parts on
the engine so that I could see where my
build area is and I show I said where
all the motor mounts are ain't been
working for the last couple of days to
block up the motor and the drivetrain
got it on more permanent supports got
everything mounted to the motor that's
pretty much going to mount to the motor
as far as where it's gonna sit inside
the body over the the BW got my
compressor bolted on my alternator needs
to go on I'm still waiting for a
alternator bracket bushing for that you
can see I've got straight through pipes
on this I'm going to attempt to use the
electric turbo which gives me the
ability to run just a straight down pipe
out the back which is good I'll have no
back pressure I've got the starter
mounted got the clutch and there is the
rear bracket that mounts to the mr2
frame or unibody I will be building my
frame up against that bracket here is
the driver side brackets that will mount
to the frame here is the rear bracket on
the transmission this is a motor mounts
these are all motor mounts that's the
rear motor mount it it attaches to the
rear crossmember
which attaches to all the suspension
components underneath all of the control
arms linkages
still made it tweak it just a hair here
and there I have to support these struts
perfectly straight up and down right now
they move a little bit so I need to
support those and get those in a
supported position in order to make sure
the framework is in the right place but
so far so good the next thing I'll be
doing really is to tie these front
struts down and remove that steel bar
between us at the bottom in between them
in order to lay the frame in there find
out where the frames gonna be so that's
kind of where we stand right now
you